Financial is the aspect of your life
that challenges you the most then I urge
you to reorient your beliefs around the
issue of money you see many people think
that all they need is money the yacht
the mansions the first million but
having financial wealth is about the
value that you give to the world not
just the value that you receive and so
you must continually invest in yourself
you've got to grow in every single way I
promise you this if you focus only on
making your first or your next million
alone you ultimately won't live a
harmonious and fulfilled life instead
focus on providing a million dollars
worth of service and value to the world
then I promise you'll have the life of
your dreams every single thing from a
pine tree to a Porsche to your body is
comprised of 99.99999% white energy
beautiful and so is your house energy
nor yes is your money energy nor yes yes
your money is nothing more than the
amount of energy paper energy that you
have in your pocket or purse now you see
what we need to do is realign our
thinking around currency or energy or
money because many of us have been
conditioned to believe that it's not
spiritual to want to have a big fat wad
in your pocket
some of you need to get your mind where
it is supposed to be it's we've been
conditioned that it's not spiritual we
think that the be spiritual we have to
wear white robes and to eat legumes and
burn lots of sage and never have sex now
that spiritual I don't want any part of
it and neither do you
now you know is wearing white robes and
eat little grooves is that spiritual yes
that's one way to be spiritual that's
what trips your trigger if that it's
that's what excites you that's one way
to be spiritual but if you rather wear
our money and listen to you - that's
pretty spiritual as well right I mean if
you go to every great tradition all of
them all of them and let me just talk
about about three of the big ones Islam
Christianity Judaism all three of them
used the Old Testament false or true all
of them used the Old Testament on the
seventh day the creative source stepped
back and looked at this handiwork and
said it all was what all of it all of it
any time you damned any part of creation
you damned God because where is God not
where a spirit not where is energy not
it's all the same stuff it's all the
same stuff and so we need to realign our
thinking around money money's not the
totality of wealth but think not that
you can grow to your full scape
spiritual capabilities in today's world
without a certain amount of money you
can't you can't you can't attend events
like this one without a certain amount
of money you can't go and study
different cultures you can't go to
sacred sites you can't read the books
you can't do the things you need to do
to expand into your full spiritual
capability without a certain amount of
money if you're with me say yes
take a moment to think about the
financial pillar in your life right now
what are some of your beliefs about
money what kind of financial picture do
you want to create in your life how much
money do you need to achieve your goals